docs: translate the docs in English (#581)
DTStack/molecule: website/docs/advanced/customize-workbench.md

sidebar_label: Custom Workbench
---

Molecule's default **Workbench** UI is a clone of **VSCode**. But in actual development scenarios, this often fails to meet our needs.

> In addition to some built-in atomic [Components](../api/namespaces/molecule.component), Molecule also provides basic **Workbench,SideBar, Editor, ActivityBar, MenuBar, Panel, StatusBar** and other core [**UI components**](../guides/extend-workbench), so that developers can **reassemble** their own **Workbench** according to their needs.

Reviewer: 突然发现是不是都少了 mardown 的 list 结构 0.0

:::tip
All the codes in this article are based on the [molecule-demo](https://github.com/DTStack/molecule-examples/tree/main/packages/molecule-demo) project in [Quick Start](../quick-start).
:::

## Custom Workbench Example

![Custom Workbench](/img/advanced/custom-workbench.png)

Molecule's Workbench defaults to **VSCode layout**. In the example above, we placed the **MenuBar** horizontally **at the top** position, and on the right side of the editor, we have customized a **RightSideBar**.

:::info

> At present, **MenuBar** has a built-in **top layout** function. We will use the **right sidebar (RightSideBar)** as a **built-in** function of Molecule in future versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At present, the top fixed layout for the **MenuBar** is integrated in Molecule. Besides, we will also integrate the **right sidebar (RightSideBar)** for Molecule in the future.
```

:::

### Restructuring Workbench

> First, we open the [source](https://github.com/DTStack/molecule) code repository of Molecule, find the `src/workbench` directory, then copy the `workbench.tsx` file to the `views` or other directories of the project, and rename it to `myWorkbench.tsx`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we open the [source code](https://github.com/DTStack/molecule) of Molecule, and find the `src/workbench` directory, then copy the `workbench.tsx` file to the `views` or other directories of your project, and rename it to `myWorkbench.tsx`:
```
